Deprecation notice (#817)
graphql/express-graphql: README.md

The official [GraphQL over HTTP](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http) work group is standardizing the way you transport GraphQL over HTTP and it made great progress bringing up the need for a fresh reference implementation.

Please read the [GraphQL over HTTP spec](https://graphql.github.io/graphql-over-http) for detailed implementation information.

## Say hello to [`graphql-http`](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http)

[`graphql-http`](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http) is now the GraphQL official reference implementation of the [GraphQL over HTTP spec](https://graphql.github.io/graphql-over-http).

## For users

As a reference implementation, [`graphql-http`](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http) implements exclusively the [GraphQL over HTTP spec](https://graphql.github.io/graphql-over-http/).

In case you're seeking for a full-featured experience (with file uploads, @defer/@stream directives, subscriptions, etc.), you're recommended to use some of the great JavaScript GraphQL server options:

> - [`graphql-yoga`](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server) ([fully compliant](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/graphql-yoga), [migration guide](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/v3/migration/migration-from-express-graphql))
> - [`apollo-server`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/) ([partially compliant](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/apollo-server))
> - [`mercurius`](https://mercurius.dev/) ([partially compliant](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/mercurius))

Reviewer: "Partially compliant" seems uncharitable; they're all fully compliant in that they implement all the MUSTs. Yoga is fully compliant _including_ implementing optional features such as `GET` and the various `SHOULD`s, and is watershed-ready.

Also, we should invite people to link their own servers here.

```suggestion
- [`graphql-yoga`](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server) ([fully compliant (0 warnings)](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/graphql-yoga), [migration guide](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/v3/migration/migration-from-express-graphql))
- [`apollo-server`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/) ([compliant](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/apollo-server))
- [`mercurius`](https://mercurius.dev/) ([compliant](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/mercurius))

To add your server to this list, please first add an implementation test to https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-http/tree/master/implementations/
```

@enisdenjo I'm not sure if this is the link you want to send people to, just a suggestion
